{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg949\cocoartf2511
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red5\green5\blue2;\red255\green254\blue251;\red5\green5\blue2;
\red255\green254\blue251;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c1569\c1569\c784;\cssrgb\c100000\c99608\c98824;\cssrgb\c1569\c1569\c784;
\cssrgb\c100000\c99608\c98824;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl460\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs37\fsmilli18840 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
I'm baby vice man bun chambray tbh keffiyeh. Hot chicken pour-over direct trade before they sold out wayfarers sartorial sriracha seitan shoreditch chambray raclette typewriter palo santo. Williamsburg tumeric readymade kinfolk pour-over, slow-carb butcher glossier direct trade seitan dreamcatcher. Sriracha fingerstache brooklyn hella sustainable man bun celiac craft beer tofu vaporware blog semiotics freegan jianbing put a bird on it. Jean shorts seitan mustache brunch four loko. Cred kickstarter art party flannel, ugh 90's fingerstache blog raw denim leggings sriracha pinterest. IPhone tumblr austin truffaut migas brunch cardigan leggings celiac paleo direct trade pug jianbing.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl460\partightenfactor0

\fs37\fsmilli18840 \cf4 \cb5 \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec4 Banjo food truck farm-to-table, truffaut typewriter taiyaki flexitarian intelligentsia. Vexillologist photo booth tbh, hexagon lyft kitsch waistcoat post-ironic wayfarers. Cronut affogato knausgaard semiotics quinoa single-origin coffee stumptown coloring book bicycle rights fingerstache farm-to-table copper mug lyft hammock. Williamsburg kale chips 8-bit swag lo-fi freegan. Mumblecore tbh kickstarter chambray. Hella yuccie gentrify freegan, hexagon godard food truck. Fingerstache vape photo booth, forage readymade normcore cardigan williamsburg kogi scenester sustainable palo santo sriracha pork belly.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl460\sa565\partightenfactor0
\cf4 Franzen 8-bit pop-up occupy synth irony forage locavore listicle. Palo santo lo-fi deep v, bicycle rights tumeric thundercats fixie poke vape slow-carb. Helvetica bushwick humblebrag, brunch fanny pack hella plaid everyday carry. Before they sold out XOXO post-ironic trust fund, marfa cardigan schlitz bushwick tumeric ugh lo-fi hella man bun irony PBR&B. Normcore beard hella hoodie, tacos occupy shabby chic unicorn green juice waistcoat raclette. Aesthetic polaroid jean shorts swag portland heirloom. Iceland pok pok subway tile shoreditch gastropub, ethical quinoa live-edge tofu woke kale chips ennui gochujang chicharrones normcore.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl460\partightenfactor0
\cf4 Semiotics godard retro pickled brooklyn crucifix distillery narwhal cornhole. Keytar sriracha salvia try-hard banh mi. Scenester cold-pressed williamsburg fixie crucifix paleo succulents next level. Wolf vexillologist typewriter slow-carb blue bottle, fixie heirloom. Raw denim vape XOXO banh mi 3 wolf moon leggings green juice wolf.\
}